Update scenario-route-through-nva.md (#82656)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-wan/scenario-route-through-nva.md

2. Add an aggregated static route entry for VNets 2,5,6 to Hub 1’s Default route table.

   :::image type="content" source="./media/routing-scenarios/nva/nva-static-expand.png" alt-text="Example":::

>    
> > [!NOTE]
> > To simplify the routing and to reduce the changes in the Virtual WAN Hub Route Tables, we encourage the use the new BGP Peering with Virtual WAN Hub (preview) option available. 
> >* [Scenario: BGP peering with a virtual hub (Preview)](scenario-bgp-peering-hub.md) 
> >* [How to create BGP peering with virtual hub (Preview) - Azure portal](create-bgp-peering-hub-portal.md)
> >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   
   > [!NOTE]
   > To simplify the routing and to reduce the changes in the Virtual WAN hub route tables, we recommend the new BGP peering with Virtual WAN hub (preview). For more information, see the following articles: 
   >* [Scenario: BGP peering with a virtual hub (preview)](scenario-bgp-peering-hub.md) 
   >* [How to create BGP peering with virtual hub (preview) - Azure portal](create-bgp-peering-hub-portal.md)
   >
```
Indenting list to nest within the list, minor edits
